TODOd: Add Menu Scene
TODOd: Maybe add shooting? Totally smoke and mirrors at this point.
TODOd: Fix camera so it doesn't go off the boundaries of the map.

11/16/2024
TODOd: Finally implement walls?
TODOd: Fix Collision
TODOd: Ask Xacor about the stamina counter in child weapon class. Note: I got it myself
TODOd:Ask Xacor about the reload time. Note: Also got this myself.
TODOd: Add walls around levels that are rendered.
TODOd: Flashlight
TODOd: Look into shaders more,Player Health

11/19/2024
TODOd: Look into TILE level editor, cats color function no working on health;
TODOd: Sectors for culling calls to objects, LOS, Doors, Cleanup, Undo Reference Spaghetti,
11/24/2024
TODOd: Rework point in front so it can take a length argument
TODOd: Aiming


--------------------
TODO: Fix the point out front problem for the bullet.

TIER 1:
TODO: Rework the render clamps (its not robust and forces me to add things into places I don't want them)
TODO: Tasks, Add bullet color or mask for collisions, make centralized popup manager, make it so tapping e opens the door, make key manager, make doors slide closed
TODO: Centralize sound effects. Sound effect class.
TODO: Add way to switch between scenes, clamp renderer like camera,
TODO: Settings, Options, PathFinding, Drop Weapons/Tools
TODO: fix small amount of reference spaghetti left.
NOTE: For each of the centralized classes, use hashmaps.

TIER 2:
TODO: Map layers, vent system
TODO: Pre-Mission screen/Store, Equipments Load (modify stamina/action Speed,) Noise Levels, Danger Level
TODO: z`Key-rebinds, Master Static Class with all hardcoded Variables.
TODO: look up at ceiling mechanic (thanks cat)
TODO: Add blur around lights & RayTrace other light sources.

TIER 3:
TODO: Tools(Traps, Deployable Lights) Parts,  More Guns (LaserGun,)
TODO: Monster AI,

TIER 4:
TODO: ship hazards (exposed wiring, fires, leaking conduits, no o2, etc,)
TODO: Power-Routing (power cables,) Alien Sabotage, Shield Generator, Different States of Ship disrepair, Different Ship Contexts
TODO: Co-op, Tweak variables of monster AI
TODO: Make it so the camera cant see through walls... gulp...
TODO: Walkie-Talkie and pager. Objectives that mandate splitting up.





Power Routing:
    Power is typically routed through walls etc. So sometimes to make a repair you may need to use deployable cables to link parts of the ship to power.
Alien Sabotage:
    Alien can only sabotage "unprotected" repair tasks.
Ship Contexts:
    Ship might exist in different physical spaces.
    The ship may need point defense to protect against asteroids, emc if going through interstellar space at relativistic speeds, orbiting a star (radiation shielding.)




TO fix the overlap triangles, do 180, then fill darkspot with last triangle using vertex coordinates of first and last coordinates.

